How Marketing Uses MadKudu
Conaill Gunn
1 year ago Updated
The Marketer’s Dilemma
The Madkudu Way
Why is this relevant?
This article is intended to be used by the marketer who wants to see the quality of their inbound leads by channel and by campaign.  (Report implementation instructions are available to download, see link at bottom of this article).
The Marketer’s Dilemma
Potentially Burning Marketing Budget
“I spend on an acquisition channel, but it takes the length of the sales cycle to see if the channel is valuable enough to keep investing in.”
  The Madkudu Way
Smart Insights, Less Waiting, Accurate Decisions
“Accurately assess the performance of acquisition channels quickly”
    Why is this relevant?
Use your MadKudu Customer Fit score to assess the quality of leads per channel and adjust spend accordingly
Your Madkudu customer fit score is an indicator of your expected pipeline. Use it to determine the quality per channel and optimize your marketing spend per channel.
Generating high quality leads that aren’t converting?  Use this as an input to nurture your campaigns and walk those valuable leads further down the funnel.
Bet big on the channels that drive quality leads, stop wasting money on channels that don’t.
  Assessing Response Quality By Channel
Discriminate between channels generating mostly low (Free Rates) vs mostly high (Whitepaper) quality leads.
Compare volumes and cost of acquisition to determine whether it makes sense to move your marketing budget from one channel to another. If the cost of acquisition for a quality lead from Free Rates happens to be 10X less that the cost of acquisition for Whitepaper - then it would make sense to generate those Free Rate quality leads, and nurture them.
   Response Quality By Channel Over Time
As Marketers, we want to understand if the quality of leads per channel evolves over time.  In this example, we see that the volume of quality leads maintains, and even increases slightly.
Therefore we would expect to see performance increase marginally (increase of leads to closed won by this channel).  If we allocate additional budget spend to this channel, we would also want to see an increase in the lead to deal ratio. 
  In this next example, we see that the volume of quality leads drastically decreases.
However, the revenue generated by the channel may still remain consistent, if the number of quality leads is maintained.  If we spend more on this channel, and there is no increase in quality leads which convert to deals, we will reduce the ROI for this channel, despite the revenue remaining the same.
  Ready to generate these insights yourself?  Download our step by step guide.
How Marketing Uses MadKudu - Report Implementation.pdf
2 MB Download
Was this article helpful?
Yes No
1 out of 1 found this helpful
Have more questions? Submit a request
Return to top
Related articles
How to create a conversion report for existing customers by MK segment in Salesforce?
Understanding how MadKudu tracks conversions in the Customer Fit Diagnostics page
Salesforce
During implementation, how much data is used and how many leads get scored?
Intercom
